c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.pdb
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.dll
c:\users\ivailo.ivanov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Desktop\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.pdb
<<<<<<< HEAD
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.pdb
=======
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\v.kitanov\Documents\GitHub\FoosBallBets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.pdb
>>>>>>> ee6cb6e3c44eb9413e840032c18d9f2dde7c69c8
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Desktop\FoozballBetsBSHFinal\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\FoozballBets.pdb
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.dll
C:\Users\ivailo.ivanov\Documents\GitHub\bshfoosballbets\FoozballBets\FoozballBets\obj\Debug\FoozballBets.pdb
